Adapt the incorrect "Supressing Callbacks" guide section [ci skip] (#52596)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_callbacks.md

[`upsert_all`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Persistence/ClassMethods.html#method-i-upsert_all

Suppressing Saving
------------------

> In certain scenarios, you may need to temporarily prevent records from being saved within your Rails application.
> This can be useful to skip the callbacks that would run if the record is saved successfully.

Reviewer: I think the use case here is suppressing some records in complex nested callbacks:
Maybe something like:
```suggestion
In certain scenarios, you may need to temporarily prevent records from being saved within your callbacks.
This can be useful if you have a record with complex nested associations and want
to skip saving specific records during certain operations without permanently disabling
the callbacks or introducing complex conditional logic.
```

Rails provides a mechanism to prevent saving records using the [`ActiveRecord::Suppressor` module]
(https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Suppressor.html).

> By using this module, you can wrap a block of code where you want to avoid saving records and running their save callbacks.

Reviewer: Not running the callbacks of the suppressed class is just a side effect of not saving the records.
So I don't think we need to emphasis that:
```suggestion
By using this module, you can wrap a block of code where you want to avoid saving records of a specific type
that otherwise would be saved by the code block.
```

> Let's consider a scenario where we have a `User` `has_one` `Notification`.
> Creating a `User` will automatically create a `Notification` record as well.
> Saving a `Notification`, in turn, will trigger a callback that sends an email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's consider a scenario where we have a `User` and `Notification` model.
Notifications are saved after certain events, such as a new user being
created, and the notification sends an e-mail in an `after_save` callback.
```

I think `has_one` is confusing domain modelling, any real system with these two models would use `has_many`.

```ruby
class User < ApplicationRecord

>   has_one :notification

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  has_many :notifications
```

Reviewer: I think having multiple Notifications makes sense as a more real world example.

>   after_create :create_notification

Reviewer 2: This snippet should include the definition of the callback that creates a notification to make it more clear what's happening.

```suggestion
  after_create :create_welcome_notification
  
  def create_welcome_notification
    notifications.create(event: 'signed_up')
  end
```

Author: Just to be sure, we're on the same page:`create_notification` is defined by `has_one :notification`, so there's no missing method definition in my snippet.

I'm not sure if expanding the example makes it clearer.

Reviewer 2: Ah right, #create_notification is generated by the association, I did overlook that. I still think more descriptive names/realistic modeling improve readability.

Reviewer: Making the Notification creating more explicit as grncdr suggests makes sense to me.

end

class Notification < ApplicationRecord
  belongs_to :user

>   after_save :send_email

Reviewer: I would just delete this callback as it makes the example unnecessarily complex.
All that matters is that we are suppressing the saving of the Notification.

Author: Hi p8 👋 Thank you for taking a look.

I think I structured the example this way because it's part of the "Active Record Callbacks" guide below the "Skipping Callbacks" section. If I remove the callback from `Notification`, the example would not skip an _explicit_ callback.

I think removing the callback in Notifications would make it simpler to explain the behavior of the `Suppressor`, I just thought the focus of this section of the guide is how to "skip callbacks" (with the suppressor).

>   def send_welcome_email

Reviewer 2: This must match the `after_save` above, and `send_email` is a better name for it.

```suggestion
  def send_email
```

Author: Good catch, thx 👍

>     puts "Sending welcome email"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    if event == 'signed_up'
      WelcomeMailer.with(to: [user.email]).welcome.deliver_later
    end
```

  end
end
```

In this example, the `after_save` callback of `Notification` triggers the `send_email` method every time it is saved successfully.

> To suppress the `after_save :send_email` callback, we can use the

Reviewer 3: Suppressing the `after_save :send_email` callback is a side-effect of not saving the record. Maybe?
```suggestion
We can prevent notifications from being created, and thus not running the `after_save :send_email` callback by using the
```

Reviewer 3: This might be too similar to the paragraph after the code, so I'd say maybe we keep the original wording.

> To suppress the `after_save :send_email` callback, we can use the
> `ActiveRecord::Suppressor` module as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent the `after_save :send_email` callback, we can suppress
saving of `Notification` records with `ActiveRecord::Suppressor`:
```

> saving the `Notification` record with `ActiveRecord::Suppressor`

Reviewer: To create a user without creating a notification, we can use the
`ActiveRecord::Suppressor` module as follows:

```ruby
Notification.suppress do
  User.create(name: "Jane", email: "jane@example.com")
end
```

In the above code, the `Notification.suppress` block ensures that the
`Notification` is not saved during the creation of the "Jane"

> user, allowing us to create the user without a notification and therefore avoid sending the welcome email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
user, preventing the welcome e-mail from being sent.
```

WARNING: Using the Active Record Suppressor, while potentially beneficial for
selectively controlling callback execution, can introduce complexity and

> unexpected behavior. Suppressing callbacks can obscure the intended flow of your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unexpected behavior. Suppressing saving can obscure the intended flow of your
```
